hi guys welcome to my brand new YouTube
channel and this is so exciting and new
for me because I've never done anything
like this before and if you've never
seen me before my name is brainy Gorton
and if you don't follow me on Instagram
that's probably why cuz I don't really
go on any other kind of social media and
so this is like a fab way for me to
branch off there and kind of get my
personality across to you guys and so
I'm gonna be doing a Q&A today I popped
up a question out on my story the other
day and asking for you to ask me some
questions that you wanted to know and
yeah I've not got any down and I've
literally I'm just gonna pick them from
random try and abide the rude and
irrelevant ones and and yet hopefully
it'll be quite short and fun video so if
ends how well you know me already could
be a bit boring but we'll just go for it
so question number one how long did it
take you to learn to drive so so I
taking my driving lessons when I was 17
it's all I wanted to do as soon as as
soon as it wasn't 17th birthday I knew
that I was going to be learning to drive
so that's why I asked for my 17th
birthday and like a set of driving
lessons
so that's what I did and I think it took
me around six months because I was on an
offer too far out with it and I asked
and one day I said to me look if you
don't do it now you gotta keep putting
it off put it off and it'll be one of
your biggest regrets so I did I went
prayer I was doing like two hours a week
and so really after all the faffing
about probably only taught me a couple
of months got my head down so I've
always been like if I want to do
somewhere and I work hard for it I'll do
it in a very short space of time don't
like faffing about and so yeah I got
that done in around two months and and
then I got my first little car which
I've just seen the same person asked me
what was your first car so my first car
I could be vulnerable because I can't
really remember the model of it but it
was the small little pairs your one or
seven I'm going to say another in a
Citroen c1 it was basically the same car
and I'm gonna love that car so much it
was so cute I could get in any parking
space and yeah I had that off about two
years and then I got a little fear
and then yeah I've been obsessed with
cars ever since and so yeah next
question only fans are at Miami now a
lot of my friends have only fans and I
am not judging anybody who does it I
think some girls I've sought to kill it
on there and you know good for them
personally it's not something that I
will be doing or have got I actually in
all the girly one said Miami and she's
amazing like she's an absolute boss and
you know I'll respect oh she's killing
it and but your personal area isn't
something that I'll be going down and
why is your mindset fixed I'm being
successful I don't know really
I always know from being in school and
that I was going to work for myself I
never knew I didn't know what I was
going to be doing and I didn't know what
my chosen career path was gonna be I
still went to college I went to uni
because I didn't know what I wanted to
do but and just know that I could be
successful in whatever I decided to be
like choose if you know I mean so just
break it down I went to school I didn't
do a meeting at school I got standard
like C's I'd be never I was never
exceptionally clever I mess around at
school I should say I'm not proud of but
I had a such a good school life so I
don't regret any of it and so yeah I
left with ok GCSEs I got into college
for health and social care because I
didn't know what I wanted to do - feel
like that was kind of the subject each
other if you didn't know exactly what
only to do I didn't wanna be choosing a
levels in subjects that I wasn't really
good at and so yeah I enjoyed that and I
gothic came up with electrical
distinction star like I did really well
yeah and then I went to uni sorry I went
to uni for fashion so I thought that was
crazy going from such a random course up
to fashion but meanwhile in the
transition excited to work with Rylan so
I got a job back with Ireland working in
fashion I'm reminds of you and I was 17
16 17 and that's why I did all through
college I had to put outfits together
and I just knew I just loved it like
if that was what I wanted to do I wanted
to work in fashion and what again I
didn't know what aspects of fashion I
wanted to work in so I sat with my mom
and I feel like this is really off topic
of wives got asked but yeah
so set one more man decided that there
was a class called fashion buying and
merchandising and that was kind of the
war when it's gone I was never into like
art and stuff so I didn't want to do the
textile design side of things actually
physically making an item so yeah I went
to college at noon a goddamn waffle iana
home went to uni for that and dropped
out after a year sell my business and
this is way mr. crumb came about and
yeah I'll move on to the next question
now I'll come back to that when someone
asks me something
relevance where I've just been going on
about so next question do you still have
your dog adorable pooches of course they
just in the kitchen if I let them out
the John Paul Hoffman go wild well I
think I might do a little video with
them like took home so yeah I do have
them got Aston and Bentley next question
what did you do as a job before
Instagram and your own business so this
brings you back to basically what I've
just waffled are an answer about a
minute ago so yeah I did college and you
and you bought job wise I worked for
three years at River Island through
college and then when I went to
university I just got bored of working
there I moved said in the same town
moved to a new shop that often which is
Pandora where I worked for about 18
months until I dropped out one more
drops out left to start my own business
remember everybody thought I was crazy
and I only dumped up out of an education
at unit and I left a job which was it
was only part-time but it was a good job
where you'll enjoy it
and so yeah everyone that was mad but
you know what I don't regret it
obviously and yeah next question why did
you start telling yours so I'm ready to
you guys I'm gonna have to kind of avoid
all my Talia roles
business questions because I want to do
a separate video on that so I couldn't
really go into detail
out and try and help you guys if you
want to be doing something similar or
kind of point you in the right direction
and because otherwise we're gonna be
here all day that video will be on one
go on and be I want to do it properly I
don't just want to waste three things so
I'll just move on from that what's one
thing you want to do in life that you
haven't done already hmm I don't really
know actually yeah I do know my Malayan
I want to go into property so as soon as
I can get a mortgage and I've sorted out
building my own dream house I want to
get into the property market I'll rent
in so I buy in do-it-all rent it out and
start off quite small a couple of houses
in the area and then branch out I've
always wanted to be its property but the
property investor and that is what I see
myself doing when I'm like late 20s 30s
and that should then see me through her
forties Lavoie yeah obviously I'll still
be building my business but that's kind
of something that kind of runs itself if
you do it right so yeah that is what I
want to do that I haven't done already
and why spend your best year so far and
why okay so it's cringe as it sounds
every year does just get better for me
but that is because I make it that way
so I already know what I want to do next
year so I wanted people that's always
well ahead and I'm never happy in what
I'm doing because I'm always wanting to
do the next thing and so yeah I mean
this has been a good year for me I'm I
used to get my new car which I was one
said and move into my new house on my
own which is fab I might survive I'm on
the car which I've always wanted to do
so yeah I mean every year does get
better last year was an amazing year for
me as well the year before that I said
my business up so every every year just
get a little bit better but I am
constantly pushing myself no idea goes
by what I'm not thinking of the next
thing that I want the next time I want
to be doing but the next moving my
business the next car I'm gonna get I
already know what I'm getting notes I
already know that I'm building my house
in the new year and I'm already starting
to design it's not I mean like yeah I'm
not one of them people that can just sit
back and appreciate what I've got come
always moving on to the next thing which
I mean I'm not saying touch that the
best thing I mean you should sit back
and appreciate what you've got I'm
unlocking that at all but personally
from personal experience and everybody
that I know if you ask anybody that I
knew they would say the exact same I'm
always reaching for the next thing so
yeah I suppose that's just how I am
[Music]
what's your favorite bag
okay so bags are a massive thing in my
life just because I mean everyone likes
to treat the self but as a in scrum
influence I just feel like they saw many
backs out there and it just needs to go
with every outfit I need a bag that
matches everything so so far I've got a
pretty good collection and there's no
bugs out there at the minute that I've
really got my eye on so I'm really
hoping that this summer there's some new
ones released anyway back to the
question my favorite bag has probably
got to be my LV Alma because I just feel
at the size of that baggage is perfect
and it goes with everything you can have
it without the long strap you can have
it with the long strap I have it in two
patterns I have the dabio which is like
a little brown squared one and I've also
got the normal LV monogram and I tend to
using both pretty equally but yeah I've
got a little cute she want as well
actually the tiny I'm sorry I don't even
know the names of these bags I just look
for going to shove I'm like yeah a
little bit need it once it I'm gonna get
it
but yeah when it comes to names I sort
of nights are the best I did get the
large M she volunteered and C go on a
bag but I got the big one just because I
just walked in the shop I was like yeah
or the biggest one you've got and
honestly those were the biggest regrets
because about it hot stands him I mean I
would really I wouldn't want to get rid
of it anyway but I couldn't even if I
wanted to and he shows well too big for
me I'm only 5 foot 3 and yeah it must
makes me look tiny so yeah that's the
bag that ball really don't use any way I
could talk about bags all day
so moving on your house is gorgeous did
you buy on your own or with your
boyfriend
ok so firstly this house is on board I
rent
it may have looked like I bought it if
you saw my picture on Instagram and I've
slowly put at the house like new house
day it was dead exciting day but yeah
this house is rented and it was an
investor that has bought this house and
a couple of others on their development
where I am and yes so this house rented
just like my other one was in the
position that I'm in I've already just
turned three years self-employed and so
the plan for me and the dream for me
which is actually happen in in January
of next year is to design and start to
build my own dream house which will be
my forever home from scratch and I
cannot wait but yeah I'll be here for a
couple of years now
and I absolutely love this house I've
just got it exactly I want in it and so
yeah and we got the boyfriend power
don't get me wrong when I moved in I was
with somebody that came to an end around
a month ago now and I mean you may think
that you know my life or Instagram but
honestly I keep my personal life source
uh private so yeah I won't be speaking
to much more on that topic and but yeah
house is mine the last house was mine I
like to be in control of things and yeah
I always like to be the one paying the
bills I don't know I'm just that way out
and yeah that's being controlled nothing
wrong with that girls and so yeah next
question all about my business
girls honest to god I will get I will do
a video on this I promise you next week
and I'll just put a questionnaire where
you can just ask me business related
questions because like I said at the
beginning I'm just reading through these
now and I'm getting saw so many just
repeated questions and I mean it's
lovely to know that you all want to know
about how I got into it and you want to
follow in that same kind of foot path
and I will tell you everything that you
need to know okay
and what advice would you give to your
younger self do you know what I just I
don't even know how to answer that
apart from just relax chill enjoy the
ride life will be what life will be and
as cringy as that sounds it will no
matter what you do I mean it's obviously
I don't even ask to get it across
life's gonna plan out the way life's
gonna plan out and there's only so much
you can do to change that so as long as
you work hard and push yourself into the
right direction there's not much more
you can do about that
I'd say my oh my self I don't know the
only regret I have in life is not doing
what I do sooner because I feel like
bringing me back to my last question or
one of my last questions I'm always
pushing for the next thing so I always
think to myself god I've had a start
this year really or two years early yeah
I think about where could be now I'm
never actually happy and appreciating
and why I've got how I got here but then
again that is just me so yeah next
question where are you from I'm not
gonna say exactly where I'm from just
because you never know who watches these
videos it's quite scary and honestly if
you saw some videos I get it's a bit mad
and but I am from Burnley Regional a and
I do live quite close to Manchester now
so yeah that area I'm always like
Manchester and just the best my life and
they're just absolutely little bit and
everyone relates till I London and stuff
I can't really say I've ever had an
amazing now in London then again I don't
think I'll be going to the right places
so maybe people can recommend me some
places to go in London and can you do a
makeup tutorial now that is something
that I've actually been asked recently
but I don't know why because I don't I
don't think my makeup some years in I
mean I do the same it hope every day
this is what I look like with I'm going
on now going to test god playing petrol
in my car literally like nothing changes
I'm not good with eyeshadow and stuff so
yeah I mean if you really want to see
what my makeup routine is like then I
can do that yeah that's not a problem so
let me know
describe yourself three good things and
three not-so-good things about yourself
like I said yourself twice we actually
don't see her in a question and three
good things I mean I think I'm quite
positive I'm very positive I'm always
happy
and I'm very motivated I honestly
haven't met anyone else who doesn't part
of hey that's me and I feel like out on
people's nerves a bit because all I talk
about is what I want to do next
that's all I've sent this video but
honestly if he knew me as a person you'd
know that is just the way I am three bad
things about me if song pisses me off I
caught them dead it's as simple as that
there's no I don't give second chances I
don't like I don't even like people
explain themselves if you've pissed me
off
sorry I swear I written or if even if
something bad has happened that's it and
I don't necessarily think that's a bad
thing but I feel like maybe I should
anyway next bad thing if my mom was
answering this question she would say
mood swings but that relates back to I
just said if something and I use may you
know about where I just
I really should have rehearsed these
questions before hands did bad thing
about me okay let's just put it down to
my friends we're gonna night out and I
decided I want to go home we're going
home or I'm going home on my own I hate
that when you just want to go home
everyone else is still out and well then
again if it's you the way around in my
friends like oh my god I'm like babe no
let me get you a drink
so yeah I'm just gonna say that cuz I
don't really know I mean if I long if I
thought long and hard about this I'm
sure I'd come up with a list of things
that are really bad about me but yeah
offer top of my head just because I'm a
positive person I never really dwell and
think about them so I'm always on the
high yeah so that's like answers of that
one next question I think I'm gonna wrap
it up again no guys I just looked at top
of my screen and I've been waffling on
for 22 minutes oh it's prayer that I
couldn't edit this and cut this down to
make it shorter so what were you find um
being before your bikini line took off
okay so I was at uni for fashion buying
and Merchandising so I wanted to go down
that road I wanted to be a buyer for a
clothing company and at the time that I
dropped out we was all looking for
placements and a couple of girls and I
went to boohoo as like a buying up an
assistant on placement and this guy I
did pretty little thing the usual really
that is how I see my life would have
turned out if I hadn't have done what I
do a couple of the girls I talk to you
anyway are actually doing those jobs and
they absolutely love it so you know I
don't think I would have been in a bad
situation but honestly doing what I did
was the best thing I've ever done
because not only do I absolutely love my
job I have the freedom of being
self-employed and not having a box on my
own boss and I want a day off like a no
day off even though my mom would kill me
because we have lots to do and yeah if
you don't know my mom is my business
partner I brought her in about six
months into the business it like into my
setup because I just could not do it on
my own and she was helping me out to the
point where you know I knew it was
getting bigger and I needed her in there
so yeah the best thing that was the best
thing I've ever made
not only I've got one was the best
friend by every business partner we
spent never
together which some people may think is
a bit extreme but honestly if he knew
was we're just the dream team I'm sorry
about where lovely mom and okay final
question what do you typically eat in a
day
Wow okay you really want to know that
this sounds really bad but I literally
go to McDonald's more stairs I'm not
even gonna lie and say that I don't I
think we've got five times a week but I
literally just get half of me I like I
don't I don't go and get like a full
meal milkshake you know the lot would be
unhealthy I just get happy meal it's got
like four chicken nuggets I get a
lemonade it's not that drastic sometimes
I get add or not I'm not gonna lie and
maybe an extra mayo chicken but yeah and
I if I'm cooking for myself and make
myself like a spaghetti volunteers or I
couldn't do like chicken and chips like
nothing fancy or if I really can't be
honest I just go to the Chinese and I
snack throughout the day I'm like
chocolate pancakes crumpets
I mean I occasionally buy some fruit but
yeah it's not good guys and I'm not
proud of it and I really do want to
start eating healthy so does anyone out
there he wasn't he like meal plans like
I don't know I say all this and then I
get my soul gym membership and I get
myself PT and I just don't go so yeah
I'm just left to fear so this is just
the way I am and you know what people
keep saying to me it's gonna catch up on
you one day well when it does I'll do
something about it anyway guys I'm gonna
wrap it up there I feel like I've been
talking for ever that's when I was hit
ages and ever at the same time and it
came out like that god I can't speak
I'll pop all the information below and
about what wearing and about anything
I've talked about I managed to ground
and pop on there and have a look if
you've not got me on there and so yeah
thanks so much for watching guys I
really hope you've enjoyed it